[theme music starts]
[digital sputtering and beeping]
-[upbeat synthesizers come in]
-[whooshing]
♪ Here we are ♪
♪ Going far
To save all that we love ♪
♪ If we give, all we've got
We will make it through ♪
♪ Here we are, like a star
Shining bright on your world ♪
♪ Today, make evil go away ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we'll reset it all ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, be there when you call ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, we will stand real tall ♪
♪ Code Lyoko, stronger after all ♪
FRONTIER
[computer blipping]
[scanner beeping]
It's fine up to now.
I'll test this part here again.
[scanner beeping]
Come on!
[computer beeping and whirring]
[powering down]
[computer beeping faster]
[computer alarm rings]
What do you mean?
I don't believe this!
Why does it always happen just then?
Aelita?
Did you deactivate
the external sinusoidal modules,
like I told you to?
Of course! And I even defragmented
the internal matrix.
[gasps] But... I already did that!
The system is bound to screw up
if it gets the same data twice.
If we keep working against each other,
we're never going to succeed. Never!
I'm sorry.
[grunts] No! I'm the one who's sorry,
Aelita. Forgive me.
I shouldn't have got so angry.
It's okay.
But I think we should stop for tonight.
-[Jeremy sighs]
-[Aelita] I'll see you tomorrow.
-No, wait, Aelita!
-[Aelita] Good night!
[Jeremy] I...
[gasps]
[melancholic music]
[theme music]
-[upbeat music]
-[birds chirping]
[unintelligible chatter]
[Yumi] Hi, guys!
Well, it looks like I'm not the only one
who'd rather have slept late.
What were you guys doing? Studying?
Not exactly. Tetrix Annihilator
until three in the morning.
I should have guessed
it was something like that. Nice going.
Thanks. How'd you know I won?
-How are you, Jeremy?
-Me? I didn't sleep even a wink.
I've got an awful lot on my mind.
Oh yeah? The usual worries
about materializing Aelita?
No. Well, yes, actually.
But there's a lot more to it than that.
-[bell ringing]
-[everyone gasps]
[Jeremy] I'm off! Nothing like
a little math class to wake me up!
[panting]
[footsteps]
[Yumi gasps]
[Yumi] Hmm.
[Ms. Meyer] I'll begin again,
since it's a bit complicated.
-[Ms. Meyer] Now, I want everyone...
-Hey, Jeremy!
-What is it?
-What's going on with Aelita?
Well, last night we had a bit of a fight.
Yeah, about what?
Nothing. It was on account of me.
I yelled at her, and I think she got mad.
Ulrich, I really have to go.
Where to? The boys room?
Of course not.
-To Lyoko.
-What?
-[Odd snores]
-Ulrich!
[Ms. Meyers] Repeat what I just said!
Hmm...
Odd! Go on, help him.
[snoring]
[students laughing]
[theme music]
-[Yumi] What? No way.
-[Jeremy] Not for very long,
just for an hour.
I could go at lunchtime.
But that's not the problem, Jeremy.
The problem is the super calculator.
You're the only one who can use it.
Yeah, but once you get the idea,
it's not complicated.
I can launch a simplified transfer program
and explain the procedures to you.
It doesn't feel right. I'm sorry, Jeremy.
I had an argument with Aelita and I want
to ask her to forgive me in person.
What if XANA attacks while you're there?
We just have to bring him back immediately
and take his place on Lyoko.
Anyway, XANA's been pretty quiet lately.
[Yumi grunts]
[Jeremy] I've calculated
the variable virtual mass,
so you don't have to worry.
Since I won't be fighting,
I used the default option
for the exponential memory transfer. Okay?
As for the fractal encoding
for the Bloks... Piece of cake.
Piece of cake? Hey, this may be easy
for you, but it sure isn't for us!
-You do all this every time?
-Well, yeah.
What do you think,
that I take a nap while you're on Lyoko?
Anyway, we'll stay in contact.
And if you have any trouble,
just check my notes.
[gasps]
[mechanical clanking]
Your scanner is waiting, sir.
[tense music]
[Jeremy to self] Okay. Be brave, Jeremy.
-[Odd gasps]
-[grunts]
Have a good trip!
[computer blipping]
[Yumi] I'm starting the transfer now.
[grunts]
[Yumi] Go!
[scanner beeping]
[grunts]
-[alarm ringing]
-[gasps]
[rattling]
[both gasps]
-[groans]
-[gasps]
[both gasps]
[Yumi moans]
[both scream]
[rattling]
[theme music]
I just scanned the data chain.
Yumi made a data capture error
that blocked the system.
-[Yumi gasps]
-[Aelita] Which means that the memory
used for transfers was deactivated
at the worst time.
But, where is he?
He wasn't transferred to Lyoko,
and he didn't come back to you,
and so he's...
He's out there and...
blocked somewhere between us.
[ethereal music]
[Aelita] Don't worry. He's okay.
[everyone gasps]
[Jeremy] Aelita,
you have to retrieve memory.
Are you in contact with him?
[Aelita] Yes. Well, let's say
I think what he thinks.
It's as if he were part of my mind.
[everyone gasps]
And can we get him back?
Yes.
Jeremy says we have to recover memory
in the four passage towers,
and redirect it to the three scanners
to complete the transfer.
But it's going to take time.
[Yumi moans]
That's a hopeful sign. How much time?
Well...
the time to go to each one of the regions,
and do all the necessary manipulations
and reinitialize the system,
according to Jeremy,
one of your afternoons.
That means there's no time to lose.
Okay, I'm off.
[Aelita grunts]
[radar beeping]
Thank you, Aelita.
Look, Yumi, it wasn't your fault.
Jeremy's the only one
who can run the computer
without it breaking down.
[Yumi] Yes, I know. The big problem is
that as long as Jeremy's in limbo,
we can't go to Lyoko,
and if XANA attacks...
Don't sweat it, Yumi.
Aelita's going to get Jeremy home soon.
I'm positive.
XANA won't have time to do anything.
You'd better go back to school.
If we're all absent,
they'll get suspicious.
I'll stay here just in case.
-[Ms. Hertz] Herb?
-[Herb] Present.
-[Ms. Hertz] Valerie?
-[Valerie] Here.
[Ms. Hertz] Jeremy?
Jeremy isn't here?
[hesitating] He's...
In the infirmary, ma'am,
trying to get unblocked.
Not surprising.
You children eat much too fast.
[Ms. Hertz] Now for chemistry...
[Sissi] What kind of no good
are you creeps up to now?
None of your business.
Well, with that kind of answer,
now I'm sure you're up to no good.
Can't fool you, Sissi.
Well actually, Jeremy is working
on a new project
for making worms intelligent.
-[gasps]
-That's right,
and he'd like to test it on you! [laughs]
-[Odd and Ulrich laugh]
-[Ms. Hertz] Alright, quiet down!
[Aelita] Yumi,
I'm coming to the second tower.
[action music]
[gasps]
[beeping]
[ethereal music]
[ring beeps]
[digital whirring]
[beeping]
[Yumi] Great, Aelita. Memory recovered.
[computer beeping]
Two down, two to go.
[mechanical clanking]
[Ulrich] How are you doing, Yumi?
Let me see.
-How's it going?
-[beeping]
[Yumi] Aelita just left the second tower.
Two to go.
Things are going almost too well.
[Aelita] I'm heading for the forest.
[ethereal music]
[Aelita sighs]
[whirring]
Hey, Yumi,
you ought to relax a little bit.
Aelita'll be finished soon.
Why don't you go back to school?
It'll take your mind off it.
Yeah, we'll take over for you.
We're not missing class.
We're supposed to be in the library.
Okay.
-I'll see you guys later.
-[mechanical clanking]
[theme music]
Aelita, I'm replacing Yumi.
Do you read me?
[Aelita] Yes, loud and clear, Ulrich.
I'm almost at the third tower.
[mechanical clanking]
[computer beeping]
[Aelita panting]
Is Jeremy okay?
[panting] A little worried,
but yeah, he's okay.
-[mechanical clanking]
-[Aelita] Oh-oh! Trouble!
[grunts]
[radar beeping]
Odd, we've got a problem here.
[grunts]
Aelita, I get the feeling
you're not alone out there.
[mechanical footsteps]
You're right, Ulrich. I'm not.
-[radar beeping]
-Watch out, Aelita! Better run!
[Ulrich] Three more monsters coming.
Hurry up!
[panting]
[tense music]
[pants and screams]
-[radar beeping]
-[Ulrich] Careful, in front of you!
-[mechanical clanking]
-[Aelita gasps]
-[radar beeping]
-[gasps]
[mechanical clanking]
-[radar beeping]
-[Aelita gasps]
[radar beeping]
[both gasps]
[Ulrich] Aelita, on your left.
There's a platform.
[grunts]
[Aelita yells]
[Aelita grunts]
[whirring]
[grunts]
[Ulrich] Well done.
Jeremy would be proud of you.
[Aelita] I'll get you connected.
[computer blipping]
That's three down. What do we do now?
Should we tell Yumi?
No, let's leave poor Yumi alone.
We haven't needed her up until now.
[Gilles] By the 1950s,
radio and television had become
the most important means
of spreading culture.
In addition, the cinema had its role
to play and did so very dynamically.
In the 1990s,
computers entered people's homes,
and by the end of the 20th century,
there was a new means
of planetary communication,
with the development of the Internet.
[action music]
[Aelita] I'm in the mountain region.
Just one more tower to go.
[Odd] Why is she stopping?
[computer blipping]
[grunts]
[Aelita] Ulrich, I'm at the tower,
but it's being guarded by two Bloks.
XANA's got the message.
[Odd gasps]
[Ulrich] There's no way
you can get through?
No, none. And if I can't transfer
the memory from the tower,
we'll lose Jeremy for good.
There's got to be a way, Aelita.
Wait.
Jeremy says that there may be
a way of retrieving memory elsewhere.
[Ulrich] But where? In another tower?
Another computer?
[Aelita] Another tower's impossible,
and Jeremy's convinced
that an external computer's power
wouldn't be enough
to operate the three scanners.
What about one?
Just one scanner? I'll check with him.
But why only one? To bring Jeremy back,
all three scanners are needed.
Think it over, Odd.
If one of us can succeed
in getting transferred to Lyoko,
Aelita will be able to get into the tower.
[Aelita] Ulrich! Odd! I've got a problem.
It's becoming harder and harder
to contact Jeremy.
I'm afraid he's starting
to delete himself.
What do you mean, Aelita?
He's disappearing.
The computer is confusing him
with an outdated file.
We've got to bring him back
as soon as possible.
-[Odd gasps]
-[gasps] Okay, we have no choice.
[theme music]
[Gilles] Now, who would like to answer?
-[phone vibrates]
-[gasps]
-[grunts]
-[phone beeps]
[whispers] Ulrich, how are things going?
[gasps] Trapped by some Bloks?
-Jeremy's computer? I'll go and get it.
-[phone beeps]
Sir, can I please go the infirmary?
[grunts]
[running footsteps]
[panting]
[snickers]
-[door creaks]
-[Yumi pants]
[Yumi] There it is.
-[Yumi grunts and gasps]
-[Jim clears throat]
Well, it's always good to exercise
your mind after Phys Ed class, Jim.
-[nervously giggling]
-[grunts]
[whistles]
[game console beeping]
[Ulrich] I wish Yumi would hurry up.
[grunts]
What's taking you so...
Yeah, well I got caught red handed by Jim.
-[Ulrich] What?
-[hastily] No, look.
I'm sorry, but I can't talk right now.
[phone beeps]
Yumi got caught.
She's in the principal's office,
and she's got the computer with her.
We're done for, now.
[Odd]
There's absolutely nothing we can do.
Unless...
[theme music]
[Ulrich] Listen, Sissi,
I really need your help this time.
[sinister music]
[titters]
[gasps]
Well, well, what do you know!
[Ulrich] I'm serious, Sissi.
-[Ulrich] Come on!
-[groans]
That's what you've got to do.
It's very important, Sissi,
you don't have any...
[Sissi] What?
You're completely out of your mind.
The only way I would do something
like that
is if you promise
to be a little more cool with me.
And when I say "a little" that means,
well, you know...
[sighs]
Okay, look...
I'll go out with you for a... week.
How's that?
What? A week!
To help Yumi,
the price is two months minimum.
One month and a down payment.
What kind of down payment?
[romantic music]
[Sissi gasps]
[both gasp]
[students gasping and chattering]
[Mr. Delmas] I don't understand
your story, Miss Ishiyama.
Jeremy couldn't possibly have asked you
to get his computer,
because he happens not to be
in school today. It's noted here.
But he is on the school grounds, sir.
He's in the infirmary.
In fact, Yumi herself was reported
absent for part of the day.
-And as for Ulrich and Odd, her two...
-Enough of that.
[Mr. Delmas] You and your friends
have accumulated
a number of reasons for being suspended
in just a half day.
What do you have to say in your defense?
-[Sissi] Daddy!
-[gasps]
[Sissi] I've got to speak to you.
It's important.
Sissi, can't you see I'm busy?
I know daddy, but it's about Yumi.
[Mr. Delmas] Behave yourself.
I won't warn you again.
You're going to have to explain
to me how you did that.
I don't want to talk about it.
Yumi, you mind if we don't see
a lot of each other for about a... month?
[theme music]
[Odd] Watch out, Aelita!
[pants and grunts]
[Odd] One down. The others are coming.
Hang in there, Aelita!
[clanking]
-[Ulrich] Listen, Yumi, what I did was...
-[Yumi] Ulrich, it's your problem.
[Ulrich] But it's not what you think,
I swear.
If that's all you can think of to say,
don't say anything!
For the time being, I've got a computer
to connect. So save it!
[groans]
-Well Odd, how is Aelita doing?
-Pretty good until now.
Fortunately,
she runs a lot faster than you.
The big problem though
is that she's losing contact with Jeremy.
-I'll head for the scanners.
-Ulrich...
I can't believe that you kissed Sissi.
If you tell Yumi, you're dead.
[titters]
Okay, all we can do now is hope.
[mechanical clanking]
Aelita,
Ulrich's going to try and reach you.
The computer's connected.
What do I do now?
You've got to configure the auxiliary port
to transfer the memory.
Here's how to do it.
Okay Aelita, I did it.
I've just entered all the data.
Good, Yumi.
You can transfer Ulrich now.
[Yumi] Transfer, Ulrich.
Well go on, hurry up.
-Ulrich?
-[Ulrich] Do it, Yumi!
I have faith in you.
Go!
[scanning]
[powering up]
[beeping]
[groans]
Not enough memory! We came so close,
but it's just not enough.
-[Yumi] We need another ten bytes.
-[beeping]
[groans]
[titters]
[theme music]
[groans]
[Yumi] Aelita, watch out behind you!
[Yumi] Transfer, Ulrich.
[Yumi] Hurry up!
[grunts]
[Yumi] Scanner Ulrich.
[clacking]
[Yumi] Virtualization.
[swoosh]
[Ulrich grunts] Impact!
[swishing]
[electricity crashes]
[grunting]
-Ulrich.
-Sorry I'm late, Aelita.
Hey Odd, how did you do it?
A lot of the credit
should go to Tetrix Annihilator.
[Odd] Hope you weren't planning
on playing it.
Don't worry. I've got enough to do here
without playing other games.
Okay, it's up to you now.
Bring back Jeremy!
[Aelita pants]
[ethereal music]
[beeping]
[Yumi] We did it.
We've retrieved the scanner's memories.
[ethereal music]
[Aelita] Jeremy, can you hear me?
Jeremy?
Wake up.
[groans]
[Aelita] Jeremy!
[light music]
Oh, Aelita!
Oh!
[both straining]
[ping]
[whirring and powering up]
[whooshing]
[powering down]
[everyone] Oh! Jeremy!
[Jeremy groans]
How are you feeling?
It was...
fantastic!
[cheering and laughing]
[groans]
Your crazy idea of going to Lyoko
gave us a real scare.
Look, I'm sorry,
but I've got to go. I promised Sissi.
What are you, her slave?
With that down payment you gave her,
she should leave you alone tonight.
Down payment?
What's all this about, Ulrich?
Nothing.
See you later.
-[Yumi] Wait, I want an explanation...
-[Ulrich] Catch you sometime!
[theme music]
[Aelita] I was afraid you were mad at me.
I thought you were mad, Aelita.
But I understood how you felt about me
when you came to get me.
Jeremy, when you're really in love,
does it mean you fight all the time?
No, not all the time, but it can happen.
[Aelita] Really?
You ought to tell that to Ulrich and Yumi.
[Jeremy]
Oh, I'd rather stay out of that one.
Let me talk!
There's nothing to talk about.
I'm fed up with your lying.
But I'm not lying.
There's nothing between Sissi and me.
Sure. Good night!
[grunts]
Hey wait, Yumi, let me explain!
Yumi, are you still there? Yumi!
[theme music]